Adele has postponed her entire Las Vegas residency, just 24 hours before the opening night.
"I'm so sorry, but my show ain't ready," the star told fans in a tearful update on Instagram.
"Half my team have Covid and it's been impossible to finish the show," she said, adding that "delivery delays" had also played havoc with her plans.
She was due to play the first of 24 concerts at the Caesars Palace's Colosseum on Friday.
Announced late in November, the Weekends With Adele series was scheduled to have the singer performing two shows every weekend until April.
Tickets ranged from $85 (£60) to $685 (£500), and Adele was forecast to make more than £500,000 per performance.
They would have been her first live concerts in five years. Along with two dates in London's Hyde Park this summer, they are the only shows she has announced to promote her blockbuster fourth album, 30.
Speaking on Instagram, Adele said she had been "awake for 30 hours" trying to rescue the production, but had simply "run out of time".
"It's been impossible to finish the show," she added. "I can't give you what I have right now and I'm gutted."
ussia's foreign minister and his US counterpart have held what they called "frank" talks to try to reduce the chance of a wider conflict in Ukraine.
Sergei Lavrov repeated denials that a huge Russian force assembled near Ukraine's borders would be used to invade Ukraine.
Antony Blinken said America would respond severely to any invasion.
Pro-Russian rebels control large parts of eastern Ukraine since a ferocious war erupted nearly eight years ago.
Some 14,000 people were killed and at least two million fled their homes before fragile peace agreements were brokered.
The US and its allies have threatened new sanctions if the Russian military takes action.
Washington is expected to put its position in writing next week, and then further discussions will be held.
With an estimated 100,000 Russian troops deployed near Ukraine, President Vladimir Putin has issued demands to the West which he says concern Russia's security, including that Ukraine be stopped from joining Nato.
He wants the Western defensive alliance to abandon military exercises and stop sending weapons to eastern Europe, seeing this as a direct threat to Russia's security.
For Mr Blinken, the talks were "frank and substantive" while for Mr Lavrov, they were also "frank" with an agreement to "have a reasonable dialogue".
"I hope emotions will decrease," Mr Lavrov added.
Mr Blinken warned his Russian counterpart of a "united, swift and severe" response if Russia invaded.
Speaking after the talks, he said the US was prepared to pursue possible means of addressing Russian concerns in the spirit of reciprocity.
Beforehand, analysts mooted this might include more transparency on military exercises in the region, or reviving restrictions on missiles in Europe. These rules were previously set out in the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, a Cold War-era pact that the US scrapped in 2019, after accusing Russia of violating the deal.
Mr Blinken also urged Russia to stop what he called its aggression towards Ukraine, saying the troop build-up gave it the ability to attack Ukraine from the south, east and north.
He said the US knew from experience that Moscow, which annexed Ukraine's Crimea region back in 2014, also had an "extensive playbook" of non-military ways of furthering its interests, including cyber attacks.
He confirmed the US would continue deliveries of "security assistance" to Ukraine in the coming weeks. America sent anti-tank guided missile systems to Ukraine last year, as well as small arms and ammunition.
Mr Blinken said the talks had also touched on Iran and negotiations over its nuclear capabilities, which he called an example of how the US and Russia can work together on security issues.
For his part, Mr Lavrov described the talks as open and useful but he accused Nato of working against Russia. He reiterated Moscow's position that it had "never threatened the Ukrainian people" and had no plans to attack Ukraine.
He also accused the Ukrainian government of using "state terrorism" against the rebels in the east and "sabotaging" the Minsk peace agreements on the conflict there.
Russia's foreign minister said the US would send "written responses" to all of Russia's proposals next week but Mr Blinken only said America hoped to share its "concerns and ideas in more detail in writing next week".
In a way, the spectacle is already a win for Russia, regardless of how the crisis is resolved. This is a diplomatic conflict of Russia's making. Their force movements have prompted a week of furious activity on the part of the Americans and their allies at a time when the US would much rather be focusing on what it views as an era-defining competition with an ascendant China.
Instead, Russia is once again at the centre of global attention - at least for the moment. The high-stakes negotiations in Geneva hearken back to a time decades past.
As Mr Blinken heads back to the Geneva airport for his flight home to Washington, it's hard to say what, if anything, has changed in these three days of crisis diplomacy. Both sides are still talking, but talk without results only goes so far.
Russia could use the US written response next week as pretext for further escalation. In Ukraine, US diplomats don't know what to expect - more cyber-warfare, a "minor incursion" or tens of thousands of Russian troops pouring into the country from three sides and paratroopers landing in Kyiv. Anything, they say, is possible.
The US seems determined to try to keep the Russians talking until the spring rains make tank invasions impractical. As for what Russia wants, both Mr Blinken and Mr Biden have been consistent in their conclusion: it ultimately depends on what's going on in Russian President Vladimir Putin's head.
The talks between the two diplomats came just a day after Russia unveiled plans for naval drills involving more than 140 warships and more than 60 aircraft, seen as a show of strength.
Also on Thursday, the US said Russian intelligence officers had been recruiting current and former Ukrainian government officials to step in as a provisional government and co-operate with an occupying Russian force in the event of an invasion.
The US treasury department imposed sanctions on two current Ukrainian members of parliament and two former government officials accused of being part of the plot.
Mr Blinken arrived in Geneva after a trip to Kyiv to show support for Ukraine, and talks with Britain, France and Germany in Berlin.
Several European nations have now moved to bolster Nato's military deployment in eastern Europe. Spain is sending warships to join Nato naval forces in the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, and Denmark also said it would send a frigate to the Baltic Sea.
French President Emmanuel Macron has offered to send troops to Romania.
Earlier this week, Britain announced it was supplying Ukraine with extra troops for training and defensive weapons.
In a speech on Friday, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss called on Mr Putin to "desist and step back from Ukraine before he makes a massive strategic mistake" that would lead to terrible loss of life.
President Biden had triggered questions about the consistency of the US line on Ukraine on Wednesday, when he bleakly predicted that Russia would "move in" on Ukraine, but appeared to suggest a "minor incursion" could attract a weaker response from the US and its allies.
The message drew a rebuke from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who tweeted: "There are no minor incursions. Just as there are no minor casualties and little grief from the loss of loved ones."
Mr Biden then sought to clarify by saying any Russian troop movement across Ukraine's border would qualify as an invasion and that Moscow would "pay a heavy price".
Adele also apologised to fans who had already arrived to Las Vegas for the opening weekend.
"I'm sorry, it's last minute. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed and I'm so sorry to everyone that's travelled again."
She added: "We're going to reschedule all the dates, we're on it right now. And I'm going to finish my show. I want to to get it to where it's supposed to be [but] we've been up against so much and it just ain't ready."
Many fans have been supportive on social media - saying it was the right decision and wishing her and her team well.
But some are facing losing hundreds of dollars from flight and hotel bookings.
Gillian Rowland-Kain, 32, was already on her flight to Las Vegas from New York for Friday's opening night show when she found out about the cancellation via social media.
"I was furious that Adele waited so last minute to make this call," she said. "I recognise it's not a call any artist wants to make but she would've known yesterday that the show wouldn't be ready by tomorrow.
"Her lack of notice is astounding. I'm angry and frustrated."
Ms Rowland-Kain, who is from Brooklyn and travelling to Vegas with her twin sister, added that while she recognised the impact of Covid, the last-minute cancellation felt "like a slap in the face".
Josh Chavis, from Kansas City, says his wife Heather paid almost $1,800 (£1,300) for her hotel and flights to Vegas for a show this weekend.
While Heather was on hold with the hotel company, Mr Chavis told the BBC she was disappointed - and even Adele announcing it a few days sooner "would have made all the difference" in terms of refunds.
"We recognise that things are hard for everyone, but this is a huge misstep on the part of both the performer and those responsible for putting the show together," he said.
Adele announces Las Vegas residency
Review: Adele's 30 finds her emotionally bewildered
What we learned from Adele's Oprah interview
The star was previously forced to cancel the final two dates of her previous tour, at Wembley Stadium in 2017 after damaging her vocal cords.
While Adele has apparently been beset by production problems and illness within her crew, other Vegas shows have been running as normal.
Three weeks ago, Katy Perry smoothly rolled out her own residency on the strip, to largely positive reviews.
Her elaborate and playful production - which she has dubbed "Perry Playland"- includes oversized talking furniture, a giant red rocking horse, a dancing alarm clock and a bra that serves beer on tap.
Adele has announced a Las Vegas residency with weekend performances due to begin in the new year.
The singer will perform on Friday and Saturday nights in the Colosseum theatre at Caesars Palace Hotel from 21 January until 16 April 2022.
The British star will take one weekend off in mid-February.
Fans will have to register for pre-sale access before 3 December to be in with a chance of securing tickets for Weekends With Adele.
Tickets will then be available to purchase from 7 December.
Adele is also taking to the stage as part of the BST Hyde Park festival in London on 1 and 2 July.
The famous Colosseum theatre has 4,300 seats and has hosted the likes of Celine Dion, Sir Elton John, Madonna, Mariah Carey and Rod Stewart.
Dion and Sir Elton have both completed two residencies there, with Dion performing over 1,000 times at the venue.
Usher is the current "resident" at The Colosseum and will wrap up his stint at the beginning of January.
Highly lucrative residencies - particularly the long-running ones - can bring in millions of dollars for musicians with merchandise sales also adding to the pot.
Britney Spears had a four-year long Vegas residency - from 2013 to 2017 - but at a different venue, the Axis at Planet Hollywood.
The singer, who was recently released from her conservatorship, said she only went out twice during that time.
Lady Gaga's Enigma show ran from December 2018 until May 2020 at The Park MGM. She returned for a string of jazz shows last month.
Adele said she was "embarrassed" by her divorce, in an exclusive and wide-ranging interview with Oprah Winfrey.
The star said she felt like she had "disrespected" the idea of marriage when she separated from her husband, Simon Konecki, in 2018.
She added that "terrifying anxiety attacks" after the divorce prompted her to adopt an exercise regime that led to her losing 100lb in two years.
The US prime-time special marked her first TV interview about her new album.
It also saw the star perform a selection of new songs and classic hits at the scenic Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles, in the shadow of the Hollywood sign.
Attended by stars like Lizzo, James Corden and Melissa McCarthy, the twilight concert was the first time Adele's young son, Angelo, had seen her perform live.
"It's the absolute honour of my life, baby, to have you here tonight," she said.
During the show, the star even helped a local man propose to his girlfriend, Ashley - serenading the couple with Make You Feel My Love after the stunned bride-to-be said "yes" and burst into tears.
"Thank God she said yes, because I didn't know who I was going to sing this song to next," Adele laughed.
The music was interspersed with interview clips, recorded in the same California rose garden where Winfrey spoke to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry earlier this year.
Broadcast on CBS in the US, the two-hour special is not currently scheduled for transmission in the UK. A separate ITV programme, An Audience With Adele, hosted by Alan Carr, is due for broadcast on Sunday, 21 November.
Here are some of the biggest revelations from the US .
Adele was embarrassed by her divorce
"I've been obsessed with a nuclear family my whole life because I never came from one," said the singer, whose father left home when she was just two years old.
"From a very young age [I] promised myself that, when I had kids, we'd stay together. And I tried for a really, really long time."
Now 33, Adele said she first realised her marriage was crumbling when she took a personality test in a glossy magazine.
One of the questions asked, "what's something that no-one would ever know about you?", and she blurted out to her friends: "I'm really not happy. I'm not living, I'm just plodding along."
"They all gasped," she recalled. "From there, I was like 'What am I doing? What am I doing it for?'"
Although Adele was together with Konecki for eight years, she has previously said the marriage and separation both took place in 2018.
"I take marriage very seriously... and it seems like I don't now," she said, remorsefully. "Almost like I disrespected it by getting married and then divorced so quickly. I'm embarrassed because it was so quick."
Adele stressed that she still loves Konecki, even if she is not "in love" with him. The couple still live opposite each other in Los Angeles, and continue to co-parent their son, Angelo.
She went on to credit Konecki with "saving her life" after she became famous.
"At that time in my life, I was so young and I think I would have got in all of it. I could easily gone down some dodgy paths and self-destructed from being so overwhelmed by all of it.
"And he came in and was the most stable person I'd ever had in my life up until that point. Even now I trust them with my life."
Adele can't explain where her music comes from
Songs like Hello and Someone Like You have touched millions of people, but Adele confessed the power of her music is a mystery to her.
"I don't think, as a person, I have what my singing has. I'm pulling from somewhere else [and] I don't know how I access it.
"It's wild, because I don't think I'm that deep in real life," she laughed.
Asked why she had revealed so much private information in her lyrics, Adele explained that she wanted to reassure people going through similar experiences.
"Music helps me in many situations, and I would like to do the same for people... to be reminded that they're not alone.
"There were moments when I was writing the record, or I would listen back to something and be like, 'That might be a bit too private'. But nothing is as scary as what I've been through over the last two [or] three years behind closed doors. So I'm not frightened."
Adele reconciled with her father before he died
The singer told Winfrey that the "biggest wound" she'd suffered as a child was the "absolute lack of presence and effort" from her father, Marc Evans.
"I had absolutely zero expectations of anybody, because I learned not to have them through my dad," she said. "He was the reason I haven't fully accessed what it is to be in a loving, loving relationship with somebody."
Although they were estranged for many years, father and daughter reconciled over the last three years, after Evans became seriously ill.
During that time, he confessed he'd only ever listened to her first song, Hometown Glory.
"He never ever played any of my other music," she said. "He was like, 'It's too painful.'"
But the star wanted to play him one of her new songs, To Be Loved, which expressed how his absence had affected her ability to trust other people.
"It was amazing for me and him," she said. "I think he could listen to me sing it, but not saying it - we are very similar like that."
In the end, she managed to play him all of her new album over Zoom, shortly before he died in April.
"His favourites were all of my favourites, which was amazing," Adele told Winfrey, "and he was proud of me for doing it.
"So it was it was very, very healing [and] when he died, it was literally like the wound closed up."
Adele's appearance over the last two years has been the subject of much speculation, after she lost almost 45 kilograms in a new exercise regime.
The star said the transformation was "mainly" about controlling her anxiety.
"I had the most terrifying anxiety attacks after I left my marriage," she explained. "They paralysed me completely, and made me so confused because I wouldn't be able to have any control over my body."
After noticing that her anxiety eased at the gym, she began to go every day.
"That really contributed towards me getting my mind right," she said,
Winfrey recalled her own experiences of weight loss, and how some people felt "upset" and "abandoned" when she first went on a diet
Suggesting she'd heard similar comments, Adele replied: "I'm not shocked or even fazed by it because my body has been objectified my entire career. I'm either too big or too small; I'm either hot or I'm not.
"But it's not my job to validate how people feel about their bodies. I feel bad that it's made anyone feel horrible about themselves - but that's not my job. I'm trying to sort my own life out. I can't add another worry. "
During the concert, Adele premiered three new songs from her forthcoming album, 30 - I Drink Wine, Love Is A Game and Hold On.
Winfrey singled out the latter as a highlight, reciting the lyrics: "I'm such a mess / The harder that I try, I regress / I am my own worst enemy / Right now I truly hate being me."
Adele said she often felt that way during her divorce - and her friends would tell her to "hold on".
"It was just exhausting trying to keep going with it. It's a process - the process of a divorce, the process of being a single parent, the process of not seeing your child every single day. [It] wasn't really a plan that I had when I became a mum."
Speaking ahead of the TV special, Winfrey said she thought the song would become a "national anthem throughout the world for anybody struggling with anything".
"That song is so beautiful and poignant," she told CBS news.
Her son thinks Taylor Swift is the bigger star
When Adele took her son to see Taylor Swift's Reputation stadium tour in 2018, his jaw dropped.
Then six years old, he couldn't believe how many people were at the show, "because he used to come to my stadium shows for rehearsals and it'd be empty," Adele laughed.
But she said Angelo recently got a glimpse of his mother's true popularity, after her latest video premiered on YouTube.
"The other day, he watched the Easy On Me video countdown... and he was like, 'There was 150,000 people waiting!' Then he read the comments and he was like, 'People really like you!'.
"So he's starting to get it a little bit, but not really."
An underground network of animal lovers is helping Hong Kong hamster owners avoid a government cull.
Authorities began the animal extermination program after humans and hamsters tested positive for Covid-19 at a pet shop.
The rodents are genetically similar to humans, and scientists fear a dangerous mutation could spread across the territory and around the world.
The Taliban can threaten with a whisper. After 20 years of violent struggle, and the loss of tens of thousands of civilian lives, they took power here using brutal force.
Even so, Afghan women refuse to be intimidated.
Tamana Zaryabi Paryani is one of those women. It takes raw courage to stand up to armed men who want to take away almost everything you have achieved in life.
Last weekend, she joined dozens of others to demand the right to work and the right to an education. The protesters were pepper-sprayed by Taliban fighters, and a number said they had been stunned by electric shocks.
After making their voices heard, they returned home. Some feared they had been followed.
On Wednesday night, at 20:00, armed men entered Tamana Paryani's apartment block in Kabul's Parwan 2 neighbourhood. She was alone at home with her sisters. The men began to kick the door.
"Please help, the Taliban have come to my house, my sisters are at home," Ms Paryani pleaded on a video posted to social media.
"We don't want you here now," she screamed. "Come back tomorrow, we can speak tomorrow," she pleaded.
"You can't see these girls at this time of night. Help, the Taliban have come to my house," she said before the video ended.
Since the Taliban took power on 15 August, women have complained that they are now prisoners in their own homes.
Taliban ban long road trips for solo women
Girls’ despair as Taliban confirm Afghan school ban
The secret diaries of Afghan women
And even there they are not safe. It is a violation of Afghan culture to enter a home that contains only women.
But having dismissed women police officers, the Taliban do not have female personnel available to question women.
Tamana Paryani has been missing for two days now. I went to her apartment to try and trace her.
There was no-one inside the home. A large muddy boot-print was still visible on the front door.
Neighbours said Ms Paryani had been taken away along with two of her sisters, and no-one has been to the apartment since. They would say only that "an armed group" had taken the sisters.
Other women protesters were targeted that night. Another, Parawana Ibrahimkhel, is also missing. Still, the Taliban denied taking them.
In an interview with the BBC on Thursday, Suhai Shaheen, who hopes to become the Taliban's ambassador to the UN, said: "If [the Taliban] had detained them, they would say they have detained them, and if that is the allegation they will go to court and they will defend themselves... This is something legal, but if they are not detained, and they are making such fake scenes and shooting films in order to seek asylum abroad."
One of Miss Paryani's friends told a different story.
From a safe location, in an interview with the BBC, she said, "I told her as soon as possible, leave your home, take this more seriously you are in danger… When I got home, a friend, also a protester - I don't want to mention her name - she was crying that Tamana had been arrested by the Taliban and that she had released a video on social media."
It is not known if the authorities are looking for the women.
Most of the world refuses to recognise the Taliban as the legitimate rulers of Afghanistan. More than half the population is going hungry because of Western-imposed sanctions.
Under Taliban rule Afghanistan has become the only country in the world which publicly limits education on the basis of gender, which is a major sticking point in the Taliban's quest for legitimacy, and in the lifting of sanctions. The regular protests by women highlighting the issue are a source of embarrassment to the group.
Regardless of who has Tamara Paryani, her sisters and her friends, the Taliban are collectively punishing Afghan women.
Over the past 20 years women here have cast off cultural and family prejudice to live more freely - decades of progress the Taliban appear determined to destroy.